#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   firecrawl-py
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
alembic==1.16.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
asyncpg==0.30.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   trio
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
boto3==1.39.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
botocore==1.39.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
certifi==2025.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
coverage[toml]==7.9.2
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==45.0.5
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
execnet==2.1.1
    # via pytest-xdist
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sentry-sdk
firecrawl-py==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
flake8==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   firecrawl-py
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
ipython==9.4.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
isort==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.24.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
mako==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mako
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==1.16.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   firecrawl-py
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   build
    #   pytest
    #   webdriver-manager
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pip-tools==7.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via black
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.txt
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-benchmark
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
    #   firecrawl-py
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
pyflakes==3.4.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   urllib3
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-benchmark
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-asyncio==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-benchmark==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest-cov==6.2.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-mock==3.14.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-xdist==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   firecrawl-py
    #   uvicorn
    #   webdriver-manager
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   firecrawl-py
    #   webdriver-manager
rich==14.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
rpds-py==0.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
selenium==4.34.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
sentry-sdk[fastapi,sqlalchemy]==2.37.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   sentry-sdk
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.47.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
trio==0.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   selenium
types-requests==2.32.4.20250611
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   selenium
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
urllib3[socks]==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   types-requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webdriver-manager==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   selenium
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   firecrawl-py
    #   uvicorn
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pip-tools
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   trio-websocket
yarl==1.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
